# DATA PACKET: AAPL (Apple Inc.)
Sector: Technology | Industry: Consumer Electronics

## PRICES [yf prices]
Last close: $327.50 (as of 2026-07-15)
52-week range: $201.58 – $327.50
Returns: 3m 26.6%, 1y 57.6%, since 2024-07-16 40.7%

## FINANCIALS [yf financials]
FY2025 revenue: $416.16B
FY2024 revenue: $391.04B
FY2023 revenue: $383.29B
FY2022 revenue: $394.33B
FY2025 net income: $112.01B
FY2024 net income: $93.74B
FY2023 net income: $97.00B
FY2022 net income: $99.80B
Operating margin (latest FY): 32.0%
Net margin (latest FY): 26.9%
Free cash flow (latest FY): $98.77B
Total debt: $98.66B
Cash & equivalents: $35.93B

## VALUATION [yf valuation]
market cap: $4.81T
trailing P/E: 39.7
forward P/E: 34.0
P/S (ttm): 10.7
EV/EBITDA: 30.2
gross margin: 47.9%
revenue growth (yoy): 16.6%

## PEERS [yf peers]
MSFT: market cap: $2.94T; trailing P/E: 23.6; forward P/E: 20.4; P/S (ttm): 9.2; EV/EBITDA: 16.2; gross margin: 68.3%; revenue growth (yoy): 18.3%
GOOGL: market cap: $4.53T; trailing P/E: 28.3; forward P/E: 25.4; P/S (ttm): 10.7; EV/EBITDA: 27.7; gross margin: 60.4%; revenue growth (yoy): 21.8%

## NEWS (recent headlines)
- [2026-07-16] Stock market today: Dow, S&P 500, Nasdaq futures mixed ahead of Netflix earnings (Yahoo Finance)
- [2026-07-15] OpenAI's AI speaker marks its entry into consumer hardware (Yahoo Finance Video)
- [2026-07-15] Does the PayPal takeover deal make any sense? (Yahoo Finance Video)
- [2026-07-15] The US won't adopt Chinese memory — but it will win the AI race: Strategist (Yahoo Finance Video)
- [2026-07-16] AI Weekly: SK Hynix shares jump up and down, Apple sues OpenAI (Reuters Videos)
- [2026-07-16] US lawmakers urge Trump administration to ban Chinese memory chips (Financial Times)
- [2026-07-16] Warren Buffett's Hand-Picked Successor, Greg Abel, Has 30% of Berkshire Hathaway's Portfolio Invested in Apple and Alphabet. But There's an Under-the-Radar Berkshire Stock That Is My Top Pick for July. (Motley Fool)
- [2026-07-16] TSMC scores record profit, eyes on retail sales, earnings - What’s moving markets (Investing.com)
- [2026-07-16] Taiwan chipmaker TSMC to invest another US$100 bn in Arizona fabs (AFP)
- [2026-07-16] Prediction: Apple Will Soon Surpass Nvidia's $5 Trillion Market Cap to Become the World's Most Valuable Company. The Reason Is Hiding in Plain Sight. (Motley Fool)

## 10-K (filed 2025-10-31, period 2025-09-27, accession 0000320193-25-000079)

### ITEM 1 — Business [10-K 1]
Business

Company Background

The Company designs, manufactures and markets smartphones, personal computers, tablets, wearables and accessories, and sells a variety of related services. The Company’s fiscal year is the 52- or 53-week period that ends on the last Saturday of September.

Products

iPhone

iPhone ® is the Company’s line of smartphones based on its iOS operating system. The iPhone line includes iPhone 17 Pro, iPhone Air™, iPhone 17, iPhone 16 and iPhone 16e.

Mac

Mac ® is the Company’s line of personal computers based on its macOS ® operating system. The Mac line includes laptops MacBook Air ® and MacBook Pro ® , as well as desktops iMac ® , Mac mini ® , Mac Studio ® and Mac Pro ® .

iPad

iPad ® is the Company’s line of multipurpose tablets based on its iPadOS ® operating system. The iPad line includes iPad Pro ® , iPad Air ® , iPad and iPad mini ® .

Wearables, Home and Accessories

Wearables includes smartwatches, wireless headphones and spatial computers. The Company’s line of smartwatches, based on its watchOS ® operating system, includes Apple Watch ® Series 11, Apple Watch SE ® 3 and Apple Watch Ultra ® 3. The Company’s line of wireless headphones includes AirPods ® , AirPods Pro ® , AirPods Max ® and Beats ® products. Apple Vision Pro™ is the Company’s spatial computer based on its visionOS ® operating system.

Home includes Apple TV 4K ® , the Company’s media streaming and gaming device based on its tvOS ® operating system, and HomePod ® and HomePod mini ® , high-fidelity wireless smart speakers.

Accessories includes Apple-branded and third-party accessories.

Apple Inc. | 2025 Form 10-K | 1

Services

Advertising

The Company’s advertising services include third-party licensing arrangements and the Company’s own advertising platforms.

AppleCare

The Company offers a portfolio of fee-based service and support products under the AppleCare ® brand. The offerings provide priority access to Apple technical support, access to the global Apple authorized service network for repair and replacement services, and in many cases additional coverage for instances of accidental damage or theft and loss, depending on the country and type of product.

Cloud Services

The Company’s cloud services store and keep customers’ content up-to-date and available across multiple Apple devices and Windows personal computers.

Digital Content

The Company operates various platforms, including the App Store ® , that allow customers to discover and download applications and digital content, such as books, music, video, games and podcasts.

The Company also offers digital content through subscription-based services, including Apple Arcade ® , a game service; Apple Fitness+ ® , a personalized fitness service; Apple Music ® , which offers users a curated listening experience with on-demand radio stations; Apple News+ ® , a news and magazine service; and Apple TV ® , which offers exclusive original content and live sports.

Payment Services

The Company offers payment services, including Apple Card ® , a co-branded credit card, and Apple Pay ® , a cashless payment service.

Segments

The Company manages its business primarily on a geographic basis. The Company’s reportable segments consist of the Americas, Europe, Greater China, Japan and Rest of Asia Pacific. Americas includes both North and South America. Europe includes European countries, as well as India, the Middle East and Africa. Greater China includes China mainland, Hong Kong and Taiwan. Rest of Asia Pacific includes Australia, New Zealand and those Asian countries not included in the Company’s other reportable segments. Although the reportable segments provide similar hardware and software products and similar services, each one is managed separately to better align with the location of the Company’s customers and distribution partners and the unique market dynamics of each geographic region.

Markets and Distribution

The Company’s customers are primarily in the consumer, small and mid-sized business, education, enterprise and government markets. The Company sells its products and resells third-party products in most of its major markets directly to customers through its retail and online stores and its direct sales force. The Company sells its services in the same markets through its various service platforms. The Company also employs a variety of indirect distribution channels, such as third-party cellular network carriers and other resellers, for the sale of its products and certain of its services. During 2025, the Company’s net sales through its direct and indirect distribution channels accounted for 40% and 60%, respectively, of total net sales.

Competition

The markets for the Company’s products and services are highly competitive and are characterized by aggressive price competition, downward pressure on gross margins, continual improvement in product performance, and price sensitivity on the part of consumers and businesses. The markets in which the Company competes are further defined by frequent introduction of new products and services, short product life cycles, evolving industry standards, and rapid adoption of technological advancements by competitors. Many of the Company’s competitors seek to compete primarily through aggressive pricing and very low cost structures, and by imitating the Company’s products and infringing on its intellectual property.

Apple Inc. | 2025 Form 10-K | 2

The Company’s ability to compete successfully depends heavily on ensuring the continuing and timely introduction of innovative new products, services and technologies to the marketplace. The Company designs and develops nearly the entire solution for its products, including the hardware, operating system, numerous software applications and related services. Principal competitive factors important to the Company include price, product and service features (including security features), relative price and performance, product and service quality and reliability, design and technology innovation, a strong third-party software and accessories ecosystem, marketing and distribution capability, service and support, corporate reputation, and the ability to effectively protect and enforce the Company’s intellectual property rights.

The Company is focused on expanding its market opportunities related to smartphones, personal computers, tablets, wearables and accessories, and services. The Company’s products and services face substantial competition from companies that have significant technical, marketing, distribution and other resources, as well as established hardware, software, and service offerings with large customer bases. In addition, the Company faces significant competition as competitors imitate the Company’s product features and applications within their products to offer more competitive solutions. The Company also expects competition to intensify as competitors imitate the Company’s approach to providing components seamlessly within their offerings or work collaboratively to offer integrated solutions. Some of the Company’s competitors have broad product lines, low-priced products, large installed bases of active devices, and large customer bases. Competition has been particularly intense as competitors have aggressively cut prices and lowered product margins. Certain competitors have the resources, experience or cost structures to provide products and services at little or no profit or even at a loss. The Company has a minority market share in the global smartphone, personal computer, tablet and wearables markets, and some of the markets in which the Company competes have from time to time experienced little to no growth or contracted overall.

Supply of Components

Although most components essential to the Company’s business are generally available from multiple sources, certain components are currently obtained from single or limited sources. The Company also competes for various components with other participants in the markets for smartphones, personal computers, tablets, wearables and accessories. Therefore, many components used by the Company, including those that are available from multiple sources, are at times subject to industry-wide shortage and significant commodity pricing fluctuations. Restrictions on international trade can increase the cost or limit the availability of the Company’s products and the components and rare earths and other raw materials that go into them.

The Company uses some custom components that are not commonly used by its competitors, and new products introduced by the Company often utilize custom components available from only one source. When a component or product uses new technologies, initial capacity constraints may exist until the suppliers’ yields have matured or their manufacturing capacities have increased. The Company has entered into agreements for the supply of many components; however, the Company may not be able to extend or renew agreements for the supply of components on similar terms, or at all, and may not be successful in obtaining sufficient quantities from its suppliers or in a timely manner, or in identifying and obtaining sufficient quantities from an alternative source. In addition, component suppliers may fail, be subject to consolidation within a particular industry, or decide to concentrate on the production of common components instead of components customized to meet the Company’s requirements, further limiting the Company’s ability to obtain sufficient quantities of components on commercially reasonable terms, or at all.

Research and Development

Because the industries in which the Company competes are characterized by rapid technological advances, the Company’s ability to compete successfully depends heavily upon its ability to ensure a continual and timely flow of competitive products, services and technologies to the marketplace. The Company continues to develop new technologies to enhance existing products and services, and to expand the range of its offerings through research and development (“R&D”), licensing of intellectual property and acquisition of third-party businesses and technology.

Intellectual Property

The Company currently holds a broad collection of intellectual property rights relating to certain aspects of its hardware, software and services. This includes patents, designs, copyrights, trademarks, trade secrets and other forms of intellectual property rights in the U.S. and various foreign countries. Although the Company believes the ownership of such intellectual property rights is an important factor in differentiating its business and that its success does depend in part on such ownership, the Company relies primarily on the innovative skills, technical competence and marketing abilities of its personnel.

The Company regularly files patent, design, copyright and trademark applications to protect innovations arising from its hardware, software and service research, development, design and marketing, and is currently pursuing thousands of applications around the world. Over time, the Company has accumulated a large portfolio of issued and registered intellectual property rights around the world. No single intellectual property right is solely responsible for protecting the Company’s products and services. The Company believes the duration of its intellectual property rights is adequate relative to the expected lives of its products and services.

Apple Inc. | 2025 Form 10-K | 3

In addition to Company-owned intellectual property, many of the Company’s products and services include technology or intellectual property that must be licensed from third parties. It may be necessary in the future to seek or renew licenses relating to various aspects of the Company’s products, processes and services. While the Company has generally been able to obtain such licenses on commercially reasonable terms in the past, there is no guarantee that such licenses could be obtained in the future on reasonable terms or at all.

Business Seasonality and Product Introductions

The Company has historically experienced higher net sales in its first quarter compared to other quarters in its fiscal year due in part to seasonal holiday demand. Additionally, new product and service introductions can significantly impact net sales, cost of sales and operating expenses. The timing of product introductions can also impact the Company’s net sales to its indirect distribution channels as these channels are filled with new inventory following a product launch, and channel inventory of an older product often declines as the launch of a newer product approaches. Net sales can also be affected when consumers and distributors anticipate a product introduction.

Human Capital

The Company believes that its people play an important role in its success, and strives to attract, develop and retain the best talent. The Company works to create a culture of collaboration, one where people with a broad range of backgrounds and perspectives can come together to innovate and do the best work of their lives. The Company is an equal opportunity employer committed to inclusion and to providing a workplace free of harassment or discrimination. As of September 27, 2025, the Company had approximately 166,000 full-time equivalent employees.

The Company believes that compensation should be competitive and equitable, and offers discretionary cash and equity awards to enable employees to share in the Company’s success. The Company recognizes its people are most likely to thrive when they have the resources to meet their needs and the time and support to succeed in their professional and personal lives. In support of this, the Company offers a wide variety of benefits for employees around the world, including health, wellness and time away.

The Company invests in resources to help its people develop and achieve their career goals. The Company offers programs through Apple University on leadership, management and influence, as well as Apple culture and values. Team members can also take advantage of online classes for business, technical and personal development.

The Company believes that open and honest communication among team members, managers and leaders helps create an open, collaborative work environment where everyone can contribute, grow and succeed. Team members are encouraged to come to their managers with questions, feedback or concerns, and the Company conducts surveys that gauge employee sentiment in areas like career development, manager performance and inclusion.

The Company is committed to the safety and security of its team members everywhere it operates. The Company supports employees with general safety, security and crisis management training, and by putting specific programs in place for those working in potentially high-hazard environments.

Available Information

The Company’s Annual Reports on Form 10-K, Quarterly Reports on Form 10-Q, Current Reports on Form 8-K, and amendments to reports filed pursuant to Sections 13(a) and 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended (“Exchange Act”), are filed with the U.S. Securities and Exchange Commission (“SEC”). Such reports and other information filed by the Company with the SEC are available free of charge at investor.apple.com/investor-relations/sec-filings/default.aspx when such reports are available on the SEC’s website. The Company periodically provides certain information for investors on its corporate website, www.apple.com, and its investor relations website, investor.apple.com. This includes press releases and other information about financial performance, information on corporate governance, and details related to the Company’s annual meeting of shareholders. The information contained on the websites referenced in this Form 10-K is not incorporated by reference into this filing. Further, the Company’s references to website URLs are intended to be inactive textual references only.

Apple Inc. | 2025 Form 10-K | 4

### ITEM 1A — Risk Factors [10-K 1A]
Risk Factors

The following summarizes factors that could have a material adverse effect on the Company’s business, reputation, results of operations, financial condition and stock price. The Company may not be able to accurately predict, control or mitigate these risks. Statements in this section are based on the Company’s beliefs and opinions regarding matters that could materially adversely affect the Company in the future and are not representations as to whether such matters have or have not occurred previously. The risks and uncertainties described below are not exhaustive and should not be considered a complete statement of all potential risks or uncertainties that the Company faces or may face in the future.

This section should be read in conjunction with Part II, Item 7, “Management’s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations” and the consolidated financial statements and accompanying notes in Part II, Item 8, “Financial Statements and Supplementary Data” of this Form 10-K.

Macroeconomic and Industry Risks

The Company’s operations and performance depend significantly on global and regional economic conditions and adverse economic conditions can materially adversely affect the Company’s business, results of operations, financial condition and stock price.

The Company has international operations with sales outside the U.S. representing a majority of the Company’s total net sales. In addition, the Company’s global supply chain is large and complex and a majority of the Company’s supplier facilities, including manufacturing and assembly sites, are located outside the U.S. As a result, the Company’s operations and performance depend significantly on global and regional economic conditions.

Adverse macroeconomic conditions, including slow growth or recession, high unemployment, inflation, tighter credit, higher interest rates, and currency fluctuations, can adversely impact consumer confidence and spending and materially adversely affect demand for the Company’s products and services. In addition, consumer confidence and spending can be materially adversely affected in response to changes in fiscal and monetary policy, financial market volatility, declines in income or asset values, and other economic factors.

Uncertainty about, or a decline in, global or regional economic conditions can also have a significant impact on the Company’s suppliers, contract manufacturers, logistics providers, distributors, cellular network carriers and other channel partners, and developers. Potential outcomes include financial instability; inability to obtain credit to finance business operations; and insolvency.

Adverse economic conditions can also lead to increased credit and collectibility risk on the Company’s trade receivables; the failure of derivative counterparties and other financial institutions; limitations on the Company’s ability to issue new debt; reduced liquidity; and declines in the fair values of the Company’s financial instruments. These and other impacts can materially adversely affect the Company’s business, results of operations, financial condition and stock price.

Apple Inc. | 2025 Form 10-K | 5

The Company’s business can be impacted by political events, trade and other international disputes, geopolitical tensions, conflict, terrorism, natural disasters, public health issues, industrial accidents and other business interruptions.

Political events, trade and other international disputes, geopolitical tensions, conflict, terrorism, natural disasters, public health issues, industrial accidents and other business interruptions can have a material adverse effect on the Company and its customers, employees, suppliers, contract manufacturers, logistics providers, distributors, cellular network carriers and other channel partners.

The Company has a large, global business with sales outside the U.S. representing a majority of the Company’s total net sales, and the Company believes that it generally benefits from growth in international trade. A significant majority of the Company’s manufacturing is performed in whole or in part by outsourcing partners located primarily in China mainland, India, Japan, South Korea, Taiwan and Vietnam, in addition to sourcing from partners and facilities located in the U.S. Restrictions on international trade, such as tariffs and other controls on imports or exports of goods, technology or data, can materially adversely affect the Company’s business and supply chain. The impact can be particularly significant if these restrictive measures apply to countries and regions where the Company derives a significant portion of its revenues and/or has significant supply chain operations. Restrictive measures can increase the cost or limit the availability of the Company’s products and the components and rare earths and other raw materials that go into them. Restrictive measures can also require the Company to change suppliers, restructure business relationships and operations, refrain from offering and distributing or cease to offer and distribute affected products, services and third-party applications to its customers, and increase the prices of its products and services. Changing the Company’s business and supply chain in accordance with new or changed restrictions on international trade can be expensive, time-consuming and disruptive to the Company’s business and results of operations. Trade and other international disputes can also have an adverse impact on the overall macroeconomic environment and result in shifts and reductions in consumer spending and negative consumer sentiment for the Company’s products and services, all of which can further adversely affect the Company’s business and results of operations. Such restrictions can be announced with little or no advance notice, which can create uncertainty, and the Company may not be able to effectively mitigate any or all adverse impacts from such measures. Global supply chains can be highly concentrated, and an escalation of geopolitical tensions or conflict could result in significant disruptions. Beginning in the second quarter of 2025, new tariffs were announced on imports to the U.S. (“U.S. Tariffs”), including additional tariffs on imports from China, India, Japan, South Korea, Taiwan, Vietnam and the European Union (“EU”), among others. In response, several countries have imposed, or threatened to impose, reciprocal tariffs on imports from the U.S. and other retaliatory measures. Various modifications to the U.S. Tariffs have been announced and further changes could be made in the future, which may include additional sector-based tariffs or other measures. For example, the U.S. Department of Commerce has initiated an investigation under Section 232 of the Trade Expansion Act of 1962, as amended, into, among other things, imports of semiconductors, semiconductor manufacturing equipment, and their derivative products, including downstream products that contain semiconductors. The ultimate impact remains uncertain and will depend on several factors, including whether additional or incremental U.S. Tariffs or other measures are announced or imposed, to what extent other countries implement tariffs or other retaliatory measures in response, and the overall magnitude and duration of these measures. If disputes and conflicts further escalate, actions by governments in response could be significantly more severe and restrictive.

Many of the Company’s operations, retail stores and facilities, as well as critical business operations of the Company’s suppliers and contract manufacturers, are in locations that are prone to earthquakes and other natural disasters. Global climate change is resulting in certain types of natural disasters and extreme weather occurring more frequently or with more intense effects. In addition, the Company’s and its suppliers’ operations, retail stores and facilities are subject to the risk of interruption by fire, power shortages, nuclear power plant accidents and other industrial accidents, terrorist attacks and other hostile acts, ransomware and other cybersecurity attacks, labor disputes, public health issues and other events beyond the Company’s control.

Such events can make it difficult or impossible for the Company to manufacture and deliver products to its customers, create delays and inefficiencies in the Company’s supply and manufacturing chain, result in slowdowns and outages to the Company’s service offerings, increase the Company’s costs, and negatively impact consumer spending and demand in affected areas.

The Company’s operations are also subject to the risks of industrial accidents at its suppliers and contract manufacturers. While the Company’s suppliers are required to maintain safe working environments and operations, an industrial accident could occur and could result in serious injuries or loss of life, disruption to the Company’s business, and harm to the Company’s reputation. Major public health issues, including pandemics such as the COVID-19 pandemic, have adversely affected, and could in the future materially adversely affect, the Company due to their impact on the global economy and demand for consumer products; the imposition of protective public safety measures, such as stringent employee travel restrictions and limitations on freight services and the movement of products between regions; and disruptions in the Company’s operations, supply chain and sales and distribution channels, resulting in interruptions to the supply of current products and offering of existing services, and delays in production ramps of new products and development of new services.

Apple Inc. | 2025 Form 10-K | 6

Following any interruption to its business, the Company can require substantial recovery time, incur significant expenditures to resume operations, and lose significant sales. Because the Company relies on single or limited sources for the supply and manufacture of many critical components, a business interruption affecting such sources would exacerbate any negative consequences to the Company. While the Company maintains insurance coverage for certain types of losses, such insurance coverage may be insufficient to cover all losses that may arise. Any of the foregoing can materially adversely affect the Company’s business, results of operations, financial condition and stock price.

Global markets for the Company’s products and services are highly competitive and subject to rapid technological change, and the Company may be unable to compete effectively in these markets.

The Company’s products and services are offered in highly competitive global markets. These markets are characterized by aggressive price competition, downward pressure on gross margins, continual improvement in product performance, and price sensitivity on the part of consumers and businesses. These markets are further defined by frequent introduction of new products and services, short product life cycles, evolving industry standards, and rapid adoption of technological advancements.

The Company’s ability to compete successfully depends heavily on ensuring the continuing and timely introduction of innovative new products, services and technologies to the marketplace. The Company designs and develops nearly the entire solution for its products, including the hardware, operating system, numerous software applications and related services. As a result, the Company must make significant investments in R&D. These investments may not achieve expected returns, and the Company may not be able to develop and market new products and services successfully.

The Company’s ability to compete successfully also depends on the effective protection and enforcement of its intellectual property rights. Regulatory requirements, government investigations and litigation can force the Company to withdraw from, or modify its products and services for, certain countries and limit its ability to derive value from, or to enjoin others from using, its intellectual property rights. Additionally, they may require the Company to share its innovations with competitors. Any of these outcomes can have a negative impact on the Company’s competitive advantage and materially adversely affect its business, results of operations, financial condition and stock price.

The Company currently holds a significant number of patents, trademarks and copyrights and has registered, and applied to register, additional patents, trademarks and copyrights. In contrast, many of the Company’s competitors seek to compete primarily through aggressive pricing and very low cost structures, and by imitating the Company’s products and infringing on its intellectual property. Effective intellectual property protection is not consistently available in every country in which the Company operates. If the Company is unable to continue to develop and sell innovative new products with attractive margins or if competitors infringe on the Company’s intellectual property, the Company’s ability to maintain a competitive advantage could be materially adversely affected.

The Company’s products and services face substantial competition from companies that have significant technical, marketing, distribution and other resources, as well as established hardware, software and service offerings. In addition, the Company faces significant competition as competitors imitate the Company’s product features and applications within their products to offer more competitive solutions. The Company also expects competition to intensify as competitors imitate the Company’s approach to providing components seamlessly within their offerings or work collaboratively to offer integrated solutions. Some of the Company’s competitors have broad product lines, low-priced products, large installed bases of active devices, and large customer bases. Competition has been particularly intense as competitors have aggressively cut prices and lowered product margins. Certain competitors have the resources, experience or cost structures to provide products and services at little or no profit or even at a loss. The Company has a minority market share in the global smartphone, personal computer, tablet and wearables markets, and some of the markets in which the Company competes have from time to time experienced little to no growth or contracted overall.

If the Company is unable to compete successfully, its business, reputation, results of operations, financial condition and stock price can be materially adversely affected.

Apple Inc. | 2025 Form 10-K | 7

Business Risks

To remain competitive and stimulate customer demand, the Company must successfully manage frequent introductions and transitions of products and services.

Due to the highly volatile and competitive nature of the markets and industries in which the Company competes, the Company must continually introduce new products, services and technologies, enhance existing products and services, effectively stimulate customer demand for new and upgraded products and services, navigate global regulatory requirements and barriers to market access, and successfully manage the transition to these new and upgraded products and services. The success of new product and service introductions depends on a number of factors, including the Company’s ability to recruit and retain highly skilled personnel to execute on its strategic initiatives, and the timely and successful development and market acceptance of new products, services and technologies. Success also relies on the Company’s ability to manage the risks associated with new technologies and production ramp-up issues, the effective integration of third-party services and technologies into the Company’s products and services, the availability, delivery and performance of application software or other third-party support for the Company’s products and services, the effective management of manufacturing and other purchase commitments and the management of inventory levels in line with anticipated product demand, and the availability of products in appropriate quantities and at expected costs to meet anticipated demand. Additionally, quality issues or other defects or deficiencies can adversely affect the success of new product and service introductions and market acceptance. New products, services and technologies may replace or supersede existing offerings and may produce lower revenues and lower profit margins. The Company may not be able to successfully manage future introductions and transitions of products and services, which can materially adversely affect the Company’s business, reputation, results of operations, financial condition and stock price.

The Company depends on component and product manufacturing and logistical services provided by outsourcing partners, many of which are located outside of the U.S.

A significant majority of the Company’s manufacturing is performed in whole or in part by outsourcing partners located primarily in China mainland, India, Japan, South Korea, Taiwan and Vietnam, in addition to sourcing from partners and facilities located in the U.S. The Company relies on single-source partners in the U.S., Asia and Europe to supply and manufacture many components, and on partners primarily located in Asia, for final assembly of substantially all of the Company’s hardware products. The Company has also outsourced much of its transportation and logistics management. While these arrangements can lower operating costs, they also reduce the Company’s direct control over production and distribution. Such diminished control has from time to time had, and may in the future have, an adverse effect on the cost, quality or quantity of products manufactured or services provided, or adversely affect the Company’s flexibility to respond to changing conditions. Although arrangements with these partners may contain provisions for product defect expense reimbursement, the Company generally remains responsible to the consumer for warranty and out-of-warranty service in the event of product defects and experiences unanticipated product defect liabilities from time to time. While the Company relies on its partners to adhere to its supplier code of conduct, violations of the supplier code of conduct occur from time to time and can materially adversely affect the Company’s business, reputation, results of operations, financial condition and stock price.

Changes or additions to the Company’s supply chain require considerable time and resources and involve significant risks and uncertainties, including exposure to additional regulatory and operational risks.

Future operating results depend upon the Company’s ability to obtain components in sufficient quantities on commercially reasonable terms.

Because the Company currently obtains certain components from single or limited sources, the Company is subject to significant supply and pricing risks. Many components, including those that are available from multiple sources, are at times subject to industry-wide shortages and significant commodity pricing fluctuations that can materially adversely affect the Company’s business, results of operations, financial condition and stock price. For example, the global semiconductor industry has in the past experienced high demand and shortages of supply, which adversely affected the Company’s ability to obtain sufficient quantities of components and products on commercially reasonable terms, or at all. Such disruptions could occur in the future.

Additionally, the Company’s new products often utilize custom components available from only one source. When a component or product uses new technologies, initial capacity constraints may exist until the suppliers’ yields have matured or their manufacturing capacities have increased. The Company may not be able to extend or renew agreements for the supply of components on similar terms, or at all, and may not be successful in obtaining sufficient quantities from its suppliers in a timely manner, or in identifying and obtaining sufficient quantities from an alternative source. In addition, component suppliers may fail, be subject to consolidation within a particular industry, or decide to concentrate on the production of common components instead of components customized to meet the Company’s requirements, further limiting the Company’s ability to obtain sufficient quantities of components on commercially reasonable terms, or at all. Therefore, the Company remains subject to significant risks of supply shortages and price increases that can materially adversely affect its business, results of operations, financial condition and stock price.

Apple Inc. | 2025 Form 10-K | 8

The Company’s products and services may be affected from time to time by design and manufacturing defects that could materially adversely affect the Company’s business and result in harm to the Company’s reputation.

The Company offers complex hardware and software products and services that can be affected by design and manufacturing defects. Sophisticated operating system software and applications, such as those offered by the Company, often have issues that can unexpectedly interfere with the intended operation of hardware or software products and services. Defects can also exist in components and products the Company purchases from third parties. Component defects could make the Company’s products unsafe and create a risk of environmental or property damage and personal injury. These risks may increase as the Company’s products are introduced into specialized applications, including health. In addition, the Company’s service offerings can have quality issues and from time to time experience outages, service slowdowns or errors. As a result, from time to time the Company’s services have not performed as anticipated and may not meet customer expectations. The introduction of new and complex technologies, such as artificial intelligence features, can increase these and other safety risks, including exposing users to harmful, inaccurate or other negative content and experiences. The Company may not be able to detect and fix all issues and defects in the hardware, software and services it offers, which can result in widespread technical and performance issues affecting the Company’s products and services. Errors, bugs and vulnerabilities can be exploited by third parties, compromising the safety and security of a user’s device. In addition, the Company can be exposed to product liability claims, recalls, product replacements or modifications, write-offs of inventory, property, plant and equipment or intangible assets, and significant warranty and other expenses, including litigation costs and regulatory fines. Quality problems can adversely affect the experience for users of the Company’s products and services, and result in harm to the Company’s reputation, loss of competitive advantage, poor market acceptance, reduced demand for products and services, delay in new product and service introductions and lost sales.

The Company is exposed to the risk of write-downs on the value of its inventory and other assets, in addition to purchase commitment cancellation risk.

The Company records a write-down for product and component inventories if cost exceeds net realizable value. The Company reviews other assets, including capital assets held at its suppliers’ facilities, inventory prepayments and other long-lived assets, for impairment whenever events or circumstances indicate the assets may not be recoverable. Although the Company believes its inventory, capital assets, inventory prepayments and other assets are currently recoverable, the Company may incur write-downs, impairments and other charges given the rapid and unpredictable pace of product obsolescence in the industries in which the Company competes.

The Company orders components for its products and builds inventory in advance of product announcements and shipments. Manufacturing purchase obligations cover the Company’s forecasted component and manufacturing requirements, typically for periods up to 150 days. Because the Company’s markets are volatile, competitive and subject to rapid technology and price changes, there is a risk the Company will forecast incorrectly and order or produce excess or insufficient amounts of components or products, or not fully utilize purchase commitments. The Company accrues necessary cancellation fee reserves for orders of excess products and components.

The Company relies on access to third-party intellectual property, which may not be available to the Company on commercially reasonable terms, or at all.

The Company’s products and services include technology or intellectual property that must be licensed from third parties. In addition, because of technological changes in the industries in which the Company currently competes or in the future may compete, current extensive intellectual property coverage and the rapid rate of new intellectual property rights generation, the Company’s products and services may be alleged to infringe existing intellectual property rights of others. This risk may be exacerbated by the use of new and emerging technologies, including machine learning and artificial intelligence, which can involve, among other things, the acquisition and use of copyrighted materials for training as well as the potential reproduction of copyrighted materials in their outputs . From time to time, the Company has been notified that it may be infringing certain intellectual property rights of third parties. The Company is not always able to obtain all necessary licenses to third-party intellectual property rights on commercially reasonable terms or at all. Failure to obtain the right to use third-party intellectual property, or to use such intellectual property on commercially reasonable terms, can require the Company to modify certain products, services or features or preclude the Company from selling certain products or services and expose the Company to significant licensing costs, all of which can materially adversely affect the Company’s business, reputation, results of operations, financial condition and stock price.

Apple Inc. | 2025 Form 10-K | 9

The Company’s future performance depends in part on support from third-party software developers.

The Company believes decisions by customers to purchase its hardware products depend in part on the availability of third-party software applications and services. Third-party developers may discontinue the development and maintenance of software applications and services for the Company’s products. If third-party software applications and services cease to be developed and maintained for the Company’s products, customers may choose not to buy the Company’s products, adversely impacting the Company’s business, results of operations, financial condition and stock price.

The Company believes that third-party developer support depends on the perceived benefits of creating software and services for the Company’s products compared to competitors’ platforms, such as Android for smartphones and tablets, Windows for personal computers and tablets, and PlayStation, Nintendo and Xbox for gaming platforms. This analysis may be based on factors such as the market position of the Company and its products, the anticipated revenue that may be generated, expected future growth of product sales, and the costs of developing such applications and services.

The Company’s minority market share in the global smartphone, personal computer, tablet and wearables markets can make developers less inclined to develop or upgrade software for the Company’s products and more inclined to devote their resources to developing and upgrading software for competitors’ products with larger market share. When developers focus their efforts on these competing platforms, the availability and quality of applications for the Company’s devices can suffer.

The Company relies on the continued availability and development of compelling and innovative software applications for its products. The Company’s products and operating systems are subject to rapid technological change, and when third-party developers are unable to or choose not to keep up with this pace of change, their applications can fail to take advantage of these changes to deliver improved customer experiences, can operate incorrectly, and can result in dissatisfied customers and lower customer demand for the Company’s products.

Failure to obtain or create digital content that appeals to the Company’s customers, or to make such content available on commercially reasonable terms, could have a material adverse impact on the Company’s business, results of operations and financial condition.

The Company contracts with numerous third parties to offer their digital content to customers. This includes the right to sell, or offer subscriptions to, third-party content, as well as the right to incorporate specific content into the Company’s own services. The licensing or other distribution arrangements for this content can be for relatively short time periods and do not guarantee the continuation or renewal of these arrangements on commercially reasonable terms, or at all. Some third-party content providers and distributors currently or in the future may offer competing products and services, and can take actions to make it difficult or impossible for the Company to license or otherwise distribute their content. Other content owners, providers or distributors may seek to limit the Company’s access to, or increase the cost of, such content. The Company may be unable to continue to offer a wide variety of content at commercially reasonable prices with acceptable usage rules.

[... section truncated for length ...]

### ITEM 7 — MD&A [10-K 7]
Management’s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations

The following discussion should be read in conjunction with the consolidated financial statements and accompanying notes included in Part II, Item 8 of this Form 10-K. This Item generally discusses 2025 and 2024 items and year-to-year comparisons between 2025 and 2024. Discussions of 2023 items and year-to-year comparisons between 2024 and 2023 are not included, and can be found in “Management’s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations” in Part II, Item 7 of the Company’s Annual Report on Form 10-K for the fiscal year ended September 28, 2024.

Product, Service and Software Announcements

The Company announces new product, service and software offerings at various times during the year. Significant announcements during fiscal year 2025 included the following:

First Quarter 2025:

• MacBook Pro

• Mac mini

• iMac

• iPad mini

Second Quarter 2025:

• iPhone 16e

• iPad Air

• iPad

• MacBook Air

• Mac Studio

Third Quarter 2025:

• iOS 26, macOS Tahoe 26, iPadOS 26, watchOS 26, visionOS 26 and tvOS 26

Fourth Quarter 2025:

• iPhone 17, iPhone Air, iPhone 17 Pro and iPhone 17 Pro Max

• Apple Watch Series 11, Apple Watch SE 3 and Apple Watch Ultra 3

• AirPods Pro 3

Fiscal Period

The Company’s fiscal year is the 52- or 53-week period that ends on the last Saturday of September. An additional week is included in the first fiscal quarter every five or six years to realign the Company’s fiscal quarters with calendar quarters, which occurred in the first quarter of 2023. The Company’s fiscal years 2025 and 2024 spanned 52 weeks each, whereas fiscal year 2023 spanned 53 weeks.

Macroeconomic Conditions

Macroeconomic conditions, including inflation, interest rates and currency fluctuations, have directly and indirectly impacted, and could in the future materially impact, the Company’s results of operations and financial condition.

Apple Inc. | 2025 Form 10-K | 21

Tariffs and Other Measures

Beginning in the second quarter of 2025, new U.S. Tariffs were announced, including additional tariffs on imports from China, India, Japan, South Korea, Taiwan, Vietnam and the EU, among others. In response, several countries have imposed, or threatened to impose, reciprocal tariffs on imports from the U.S. and other retaliatory measures. Various modifications to the U.S. Tariffs have been announced and further changes could be made in the future, which may include additional sector-based tariffs or other measures. For example, the U.S. Department of Commerce has initiated an investigation under Section 232 of the Trade Expansion Act of 1962, as amended, into, among other things, imports of semiconductors, semiconductor manufacturing equipment, and their derivative products, including downstream products that contain semiconductors. Tariffs and other measures that are applied to the Company’s products or their components can have a material adverse impact on the Company’s business, results of operations and financial condition, including impacting the Company’s supply chain, the availability of rare earths and other raw materials and components, pricing and gross margin. The ultimate impact remains uncertain and will depend on several factors, including whether additional or incremental U.S. Tariffs or other measures are announced or imposed, to what extent other countries implement tariffs or other retaliatory measures in response, and the overall magnitude and duration of these measures. Trade and other international disputes can have an adverse impact on the overall macroeconomic environment and result in shifts and reductions in consumer spending and negative consumer sentiment for the Company’s products and services, all of which can further adversely affect the Company’s business and results of operations.

Segment Operating Performance

The following table shows net sales by reportable segment for 2025, 2024 and 2023 (dollars in millions):

2025 Change 2024 Change 2023

Americas $ 178,353 7 % $ 167,045 3 % $ 162,560

Europe 111,032 10 % 101,328 7 % 94,294

Greater China 64,377 (4) % 66,952 (8) % 72,559

Japan 28,703 15 % 25,052 3 % 24,257

Rest of Asia Pacific 33,696 10 % 30,658 4 % 29,615

Total net sales $ 416,161 6 % $ 391,035 2 % $ 383,285

Americas

Americas net sales increased during 2025 compared to 2024 primarily due to higher net sales of iPhone and Services. The weakness in foreign currencies relative to the U.S. dollar had an unfavorable year-over-year impact on Americas net sales during 2025.

Europe

Europe net sales increased during 2025 compared to 2024 primarily due to higher net sales of Services, iPhone and Mac.

Greater China

Greater China net sales decreased during 2025 compared to 2024 primarily due to lower net sales of iPhone, partially offset by higher net sales of Mac.

Japan

Japan net sales increased during 2025 compared to 2024 primarily due to higher net sales of iPhone, Services and iPad.

Rest of Asia Pacific

Rest of Asia Pacific net sales increased during 2025 compared to 2024 primarily due to higher net sales of iPhone, Services and Mac.

Apple Inc. | 2025 Form 10-K | 22

Products and Services Performance

The following table shows net sales by category for 2025, 2024 and 2023 (dollars in millions):

2025 Change 2024 Change 2023

iPhone $ 209,586 4 % $ 201,183 — % $ 200,583

Mac 33,708 12 % 29,984 2 % 29,357

iPad 28,023 5 % 26,694 (6) % 28,300

Wearables, Home and Accessories 35,686 (4) % 37,005 (7) % 39,845

Services (1)
109,158 14 % 96,169 13 % 85,200

Total net sales $ 416,161 6 % $ 391,035 2 % $ 383,285

(1) Services net sales include amortization of the deferred value of services bundled in the sales price of certain products.

iPhone

iPhone net sales increased during 2025 compared to 2024 due to higher net sales of Pro models.

Mac

Mac net sales increased during 2025 compared to 2024 primarily due to higher net sales of laptops and desktops.

iPad

iPad net sales increased during 2025 compared to 2024 primarily due to higher net sales of iPad Air, iPad mini and iPad, partially offset by lower net sales of iPad Pro.

Wearables, Home and Accessories

Wearables, Home and Accessories net sales decreased during 2025 compared to 2024 primarily due to lower net sales of Accessories and Wearables.

Services

Services net sales increased during 2025 compared to 2024 primarily due to higher net sales from advertising, the App Store and cloud services.

Apple Inc. | 2025 Form 10-K | 23

Gross Margin

Products and Services gross margin and gross margin percentage for 2025, 2024 and 2023 were as follows (dollars in millions):

2025 2024 2023

Gross margin:

Products $ 112,887 $ 109,633 $ 108,803

Services 82,314 71,050 60,345

Total gross margin $ 195,201 $ 180,683 $ 169,148

Gross margin percentage:

Products 36.8 % 37.2 % 36.5 %

Services 75.4 % 73.9 % 70.8 %

Total gross margin percentage 46.9 % 46.2 % 44.1 %

Products Gross Margin

Products gross margin increased during 2025 compared to 2024 primarily due to favorable costs and a different mix of products, partially offset by tariff costs.

Products gross margin percentage decreased during 2025 compared to 2024 primarily due to a different mix of products and tariff costs, partially offset by other favorable costs.

Services Gross Margin

Services gross margin increased during 2025 compared to 2024 primarily due to higher Services net sales and a different mix of services.

Services gross margin percentage increased during 2025 compared to 2024 primarily due to a different mix of services, partially offset by higher costs.

The Company’s future gross margins can be impacted by a variety of factors, as discussed in Part I, Item 1A of this Form 10-K under the heading “Risk Factors.” As a result, the Company believes, in general, gross margins will be subject to volatility and downward pressure.

Operating Expenses

Operating expenses for 2025, 2024 and 2023 were as follows (dollars in millions):

2025 Change 2024 Change 2023

Research and development $ 34,550 10 % $ 31,370 5 % $ 29,915

Percentage of total net sales 8 % 8 % 8 %

Selling, general and administrative $ 27,601 6 % $ 26,097 5 % $ 24,932

Percentage of total net sales 7 % 7 % 7 %

Total operating expenses $ 62,151 8 % $ 57,467 5 % $ 54,847

Percentage of total net sales 15 % 15 % 14 %

Research and Development

The growth in R&D expense during 2025 compared to 2024 was primarily driven by increases in headcount-related expenses and infrastructure-related costs.

Selling, General and Administrative

The growth in selling, general and administrative expense during 2025 compared to 2024 was primarily driven by increases in headcount-related expenses and variable selling expenses.

Apple Inc. | 2025 Form 10-K | 24

Provision for Income Taxes

Provision for income taxes, effective tax rate and statutory federal income tax rate for 2025, 2024 and 2023 were as follows (dollars in millions):

2025 2024 2023

Provision for income taxes $ 20,719 $ 29,749 $ 16,741

Effective tax rate 15.6 % 24.1 % 14.7 %

Statutory federal income tax rate 21 % 21 % 21 %

The Company’s effective tax rate for 2025 was lower than the statutory federal income tax rate primarily due to a lower effective tax rate on foreign earnings, including the impact of changes in unrecognized tax benefits, the impact of the U.S. federal R&D credit, and tax benefits from share-based compensation, partially offset by a change in valuation allowance and state income taxes.

The Company’s effective tax rate for 2025 was lower compared to 2024 due to a $10.7 billion year-over-year decrease in the provision for income taxes related to the State Aid Decision (refer to Note 7, “Income Taxes” in the Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements in Part II, Item 8 of this Form 10-K) and the impact of changes in unrecognized tax benefits, partially offset by a change in valuation allowance and a higher effective tax rate on foreign earnings.

Liquidity and Capital Resources

The Company believes its balances of cash, cash equivalents and marketable securities, which totaled $132.4 billion as of September 27, 2025, along with cash generated by ongoing operations and continued access to debt markets, will be sufficient to satisfy its cash requirements and capital return program over the next 12 months and beyond.

The Company’s material cash requirements include the following contractual obligations:

Debt

As of September 27, 2025, the Company had outstanding fixed-rate notes with varying maturities for an aggregate principal amount of $91.3 billion (collectively the “Notes”), with $12.4 billion payable within 12 months. Future interest payments associated with the Notes total $37.0 billion, with $2.6 billion payable within 12 months.

The Company also issues unsecured short-term promissory notes pursuant to a commercial paper program. As of September 27, 2025, the Company had $8.0 billion of commercial paper outstanding, which was payable within 12 months.

Leases

The Company has lease arrangements for certain equipment and facilities, including corporate, data center, manufacturing and retail space. As of September 27, 2025, the Company had fixed lease payment obligations of $16.8 billion, with $2.6 billion payable within 12 months.

Manufacturing Purchase Obligations

The Company utilizes several outsourcing partners to manufacture subassemblies for the Company’s products and to perform final assembly and testing of finished products. The Company also obtains individual components for its products from a wide variety of individual suppliers. As of September 27, 2025, the Company had manufacturing purchase obligations of $56.2 billion, with $55.4 billion payable within 12 months.

Other Purchase Obligations

The Company’s other purchase obligations primarily consist of noncancelable obligations to acquire capital assets, including assets related to product manufacturing, and noncancelable obligations related to supplier arrangements, licensed intellectual property and content, and distribution rights. As of September 27, 2025, the Company had other purchase obligations of $14.8 billion, with $7.0 billion payable within 12 months.

Deemed Repatriation Tax Payable

As of September 27, 2025, the balance of the deemed repatriation tax payable imposed by the U.S. Tax Cuts and Jobs Act of 2017 (“TCJA”) was $8.8 billion, which was payable within 12 months.

Apple Inc. | 2025 Form 10-K | 25

Capital Return Program

In addition to its contractual cash requirements, the Company has an authorized share repurchase program. The program does not obligate the Company to acquire a minimum amount of shares. As of September 27, 2025, the Company’s quarterly cash dividend was $0.26 per share. The Company intends to increase its dividend on an annual basis, subject to declaration by the Board.

In May 2025, the Company announced a new share repurchase program of up to $100 billion and raised its quarterly dividend from $0.25 to $0.26 per share beginning in May 2025. During 2025, the Company repurchased $89.3 billion of its common stock and paid dividends and dividend equivalents of $15.4 billion.

Recent Accounting Pronouncements

Internal-Use Software

In September 2025, the Financial Accounting Standards Board (“FASB”) issued Accounting Standards Update (“ASU”) No. 2025-06, Intangibles—Goodwill and Other—Internal-Use Software (Subtopic 350-40): Targeted Improvements to the Accounting for Internal-Use Software (“ASU 2025-06”), which modernizes the accounting for internal-use software. ASU 2025-06 removes all references to software development stages and requires capitalization of software costs when management has committed to the software project and it is probable the software will be completed and perform its intended use. ASU 2025-06 will be effective for the Company in its first quarter of 2029, and early adoption is permitted. The Company is currently evaluating the timing and method of its adoption of ASU 2025-06.

Disaggregation of Income Statement Expenses

In November 2024, the FASB issued ASU No. 2024-03, Income Statement—Reporting Comprehensive Income—Expense Disaggregation Disclosures (Subtopic 220-40): Disaggregation of Income Statement Expenses (“ASU 2024-03”) and in January 2025, the FASB issued ASU No. 2025-01, Income Statement—Reporting Comprehensive Income—Expense Disaggregation Disclosures (Subtopic 220-40): Clarifying the Effective Date , which clarified the effective date of ASU 2024-03. ASU 2024-03 will require the Company to disclose the amounts of purchases of inventory, employee compensation, depreciation and intangible asset amortization, as applicable, included in certain expense captions in the Consolidated Statements of Operations, as well as qualitatively describe remaining amounts included in those captions. ASU 2024-03 will also require the Company to disclose both the amount and the Company’s definition of selling expenses. The Company will adopt ASU 2024-03 in its fourth quarter of 2028 using a prospective transition method.

Income Taxes

In December 2023, the FASB issued ASU No. 2023-09, Income Taxes (Topic 740): Improvements to Income Tax Disclosures (“ASU 2023-09”), which will require the Company to disclose specified additional information in its income tax rate reconciliation and provide additional information for reconciling items that meet a quantitative threshold. ASU 2023-09 will also require the Company to disaggregate its income taxes paid disclosure by federal, state and foreign taxes, with further disaggregation required for significant individual jurisdictions. The Company will adopt ASU 2023-09 in its fourth quarter of 2026 using a prospective transition method.

Critical Accounting Estimates

The preparation of financial statements and related disclosures in conformity with U.S. generally accepted accounting principles (“GAAP”) and the Company’s discussion and analysis of its financial condition and operating results require the Company’s management to make judgments, assumptions and estimates that affect the amounts reported. Note 1, “Summary of Significant Accounting Policies” of the Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements in Part II, Item 8 of this Form 10-K describes the significant accounting policies and methods used in the preparation of the Company’s consolidated financial statements. Management bases its estimates on historical experience and on various other assumptions it believes to be reasonable under the circumstances, the results of which form the basis for making judgments about the carrying values of assets and liabilities.

Uncertain Tax Positions

The Company is subject to income taxes in the U.S. and numerous foreign jurisdictions. The evaluation of the Company’s uncertain tax positions involves significant judgment in the interpretation and application of GAAP and complex domestic and international tax laws, including the TCJA and the allocation of international taxation rights between countries. Although management believes the Company’s reserves are reasonable, no assurance can be given that the final outcome of these uncertainties will not be different from that reflected in the Company’s reserves. Reserves are adjusted considering changing facts and circumstances, such as the closing of a tax examination. Resolution of these uncertainties in a manner inconsistent with management’s expectations could have a material impact on the Company’s financial condition and operating results.

Apple Inc. | 2025 Form 10-K | 26

Legal and Other Contingencies

The Company is subject to various legal proceedings and claims that arise in the ordinary course of business, the outcomes of which are inherently uncertain. The Company records a liability when it is probable a loss has been incurred and the amount is reasonably estimable, the determination of which requires significant judgment. Resolution of legal matters in a manner inconsistent with management’s expectations could have a material impact on the Company’s financial condition and operating results.